{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\uc1{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fcharset0
Times New Roman;}{\f2\fcharset128 Times-Roman;}{\f3\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\fcharset128
CMR10;}{\f5\fcharset128 CMBX10;}}{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red0\green128
\blue0 ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;}{\stylesheet{\s0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow
\sl240\slmult1\f0\lang1033\fs22\kerning28 Normal;}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margt1440
\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\headery720\footery720\deftab720\pgnstart1\viewkind1
\viewscale100\fet0{\*\docvar{ColorSet}{-1}}{\*\docvar{ColorPos}{-1}}{\*\docvar{StyleSet
}{-1}}{\*\docvar{StylePos}{-1}}\pard\plain\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033
\fs36\kerning28{\header\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1
\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360{\b0\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\b0\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\b0\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\fs22\par}{\footer\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc
\tx4680\tqr\tx9360{\b0\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\b0\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\b0\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360
{\fs22\par}

\fs22\par}Dark Chemistry & Paranormal Phenomena{\fs28\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033\fs28
\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033\fs28
\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033\fs28
\kerning28 Philip Benjamin\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033\fs28
\kerning28 medinuclear@hotmail.com\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033\fs28
\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033\fs28
\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs28\kerning28
Abstract{\fs24   \par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs20\kerning28
Presuming that no part of any exotic \u8216\'91dark matter\u8217\'92 has anything
 to do with the bio-realm seems unwarranted, in view of so many theoretical and 
experimental work including a recent claim that certain type of axions has been 
detected. A class of Bio-axions may yield axion chemistry akin to SUSY chemistry
. This will involve ordinary chemical principles as duet, octet configurations, 
force carrier particles, spin and Pauli Exclusion Principle. The brain is then a
 many-particle system of neurons permeated by their bio-axion counterparts at an
 energy level relevant to mental activity which is co-produced by the visible brain
 and its invisible axion counterpart. It is likely that the entire visible body 
of an organism and its constituents parts down to cellular levels may be coupled
 to and supervened by corresponding dark matter components. A differential distribution
 of the dark particles in plants, animals and humans, and their weak interactions
 with ordinary matter seems to have experimental support in the differential biophoton
 emission rates across the taxa. The predicted ratio of these rates between plants
 and humans agrees with the reported experimental value. Decoupling of the dark 
body from the visible body may leave it at a very low energy state, perhaps negative
 (- E = mC{\super 2}). Though \u8216\'91ghost\u8217\'92 phenomena may therefore 
be unlikely unless this energy is acquired, paranormal phenomena such as \u8216\'91
channeling\u8217\'92 in living humans may be possible by alien \u8217\'92dark matter
 beings\u8217\'92 who are already at a higher energy state. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs28\kerning28
Introduction\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\shading10000\cfpat1
\cbpat1\ri143{\scaps\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\shading10000\cfpat1
\cbpat1\ri143{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28 Dark matter with its possible dark chemistry
 gives a new twist to the term 'non-materialistic' as applied to the bio-realm. 
{\expnd2\expndtw10 Materialism }as a philosophical system developed by the Greeks
 was defined and designed in the framework of the phenomena of ordinary matter which
 was considered eternal requiring no Creator, and some power intrinsic to matter
 makes it come alive. In Aristotelian physics, \u8216\'91form\u8217\'92 and matter
 are perpetually paired and the archetypical examples of forms are \u8216\'91substances
\u8217\'92. Matter and form are the "causes" of whatever exists. Aristotle defined
 four kinds of causes, all relating to {\i things} not events: 1) material cause
 is what a {\i thing} consists of. 2) Formal cause relates to what the {\i thing
} essentially is. 3) Efficient cause brings the {\i thing} into being. 4) Final 
cause is the function and purpose of the {\i thing}. The prime matter is the "stuff
" with no particular form. Any form without matter is god. The matter/form distinction
 is related to that between potentiality ({\i dunamis}) and actuality ({\i entelecheia
} or {\i energeia). }Quantum mechanics identifies this potentiality with superposition
 of matter-waves{\i  }and actuality as the reduction of the superposed wave forms
 to a specific value determined by the measurement technique. Forms are continuous
, but discreteness is the law of nature. There is no smooth gradual change from 
nothingness to \u8216\'91thingness\u8216\'91, or from dead to living matter or from
 non-consciousness to consciousness or from animal instincts to human insights. 
Discrete entities such as particles, atoms, molecules, cells, forces etc do not 
add themselves up into an integrated whole of spontaneous sentience or sapience. 
The non-electromagnetic \u8216\'91dark matter\u8217\'92 is less mysterious and more
 substantial than the forms. It gives substance to what Aristotle intuitively figured
 out as \u8216\'91form\u8216\'91.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Recent publications, both theoretical (Hu et al 2000) and experimental including
 the reported discovery of 7\u177\'b11 and 19\u177\'b11 MeV axions of less than 
10{\super\f0 -13} s lifetime (Jain and Singh, 2007), increasingly strengthen evidence
 for the existence of dark matter particles. Charge-less Axions of extremely small
 mass have been predicted by String Theory ( Peccei and Quinn, 1977). See  Zeeya
 Merali, (2007). These particles are invisible with no electrical charge, of negligible
 mass (in the range from 10{\super\f0 -6} to 10{\super\f0 -2} eV/c\u178\'b2 or about
 2x10{\super -38 }grams) and very low interaction cross-sections for strong and 
weak forces. They interact only minimally with ordinary matter, but that does not
 mean that axion atoms cannot interact between themselves.  It has been proposed
 that they may yield dark Chemistries following the pattern of stable duet or octet
 configuration rules of ordinary chemistry, spin-spin interactions and couplings
 (Benjamin, 2003, 2007-A, 2007-B). The differential aspects of human mind with respect
 to animal and plant sentience can be examined as due to differences in dark matter
 configurations across the taxa. This can further be linked with experimental evidence
 of differential rates of biophoton emission in plant, animal and human cells, agreeing
 with a theoretically derived ratio of 3{\super 3} : 3{\super 2} : 3{\super 1}.  
Axions are predicted to change to photons in the presence of strong magnetic fields
, and this property is used for creating experiments to detect axions. In supersymmetric
 (SUSY) theories the axion has both a scalar and a fermionic superpartner. If matter
 exists, chemistry exists. Even SUSY chemistry is possible for SUSY particles (Clavelli
. 2006, Clavelli et al 2005). Clavelli presents an intellectual scaffolding and 
an anthropic principle to explain the fine tuned universe and its hierarchical structures
 which entails \u8216\'91SUSY chemistry' also across all possible universes- bosonic
, fermionic and mixtures of the two. The very fact that chemical bonding principles
 are being incorporated into superspace and supersymmetry is supportive of possible
 dark matter chemistry and opens up a whole vista of possibilities for axion-like
 particles also. The dark matter chemistry will have the same principles of spin
, configurations , stability, force carrier particles and Pauli Exclusion. Graviton
, gravitino, monople or some other force yet unknown may provide the exchange force
 for dark matter chemistry, similar  to gluino and photino of SUSY chemistry.   
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs28\kerning28 Dark Matter Chemistry \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Why should there be any chemistry at all? Why should mutually repelling electrons
 stay 'attracted' to form chemical and molecular bonds? Why should protons stay 
packed together with immense attractive force within a certain range and repel each
 other outside that potential well? Why Noble Gas atoms have the most stable duet
 and octet electron configurations in the outer shell?  The why's are not easily
 answered, but the how\u8217\'92s of these processes can be understood through metaphors
 and quantum mechanics. Chemistry is the sum of the quantum-electrodynamic interactions
 between atoms which in part includes spin-spin interactions and force-carrier particle
 dynamics. Stable electron configuration and spin are fundamental for theorizing
 chemical bonds. Chemical bonds are imaginary, but represent real forces involving
 electrons. They exist because of charge (force carrier particles), electron spin
,  Pauli Exclusion Principle, stable Duet and Octet electron configurations as found
 in the inert Noble (Rare) Gases such as helium, neon etc.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      All interactions which affect matter particles entail exchange
 of force carrier particles. Axions are reported to be of various kinds, fermionic
 and bosonic. In effect, axions being so small, they can exist across every point
 in space and 'know' exactly how its entangled partner is disposed, no matter how
 far apart they are. Monople, graviton, gravitino are possible force carrier particles
. Any one of them could be involved in dark matter chemistries. Sikivie (1984), 
and subsequently Lee (1987) and Wilczek (1987) have shown that there is a charge
 exchange between monopoles and axion domain walls. Electric charge itself is yet
 another puzzle. Charge is what one defines it to be. 'Mass' is the 'charge' in 
the gravitational field.  Possibly, there are interactions which affect axion particles
 due to an exchange of force carrier particles, in the same way as quantum electrodynamic
 interactions between ordinary atoms leads to ordinary chemistry. Then, axion chemistry
 will be the sum of quantum mass field interactions between axion atoms.   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Dirac (1931) linked magnetic monopoles with the quantization of electric charge. 
He showed that quantum mechanics does not preclude the existence of isolated magnetic
 poles, and also why these poles are not observed. The quantization of axion mass
 and their interaction with magnetic monopoles, along with other features, are discussed
  by Lee (1987).  [Monopoles with masses below 600 GeV/c\u178\'b2 = 1.08 x 10{\super
-24 } g do not exist. Monopoles predicted by unification theories for the electroweak
 and strong interactions have masses of the order of 10{\super 16} giga-electronvolts
, too large for detection.  1 eV/{\i c}\u178\'b2 = 1.783\u215\'d710^36 kg, the mass
 equivalent of one electronvolt of energy. Electron (511 keV/{\i c}\u178\'b2), is
 the lightest elementary particle with a measured nonzero rest mass = 9.11\u215\'d7
10{\super -31}kg {\ul ~} 10{\super -30 }kg {\ul ~ }10{\super -27 } g. 1Mev = 1.783
 x 10{\super -27} g ). \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033\fs24
\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Father Jerome (2004), posits existence of four quantum axion particles with
 four predominantly differing "flavors": a Positive Particle of positive half-integer
 spin; a Negative Particle of negative half-integer spin; a Positive Particle of
 positive integer spin; and a Negative Particle of negative integer spin.\u8221\'94
 {\dbch\af2\loch\af1\hich\f1 If bio-axions exist corresponding to electrons, protons
 and neutrons, then t{\lang2057 he differential }emission rates of plants, animals
 and humans could be due to differential incorporation of three different axion 
like dark matter particles in the structure of the living matter . See Benjamin, 
2003, 2005A, 2005B, 2008. For brevity, they may be called emotons (E), psychons (
P) and neumatons (N), respectively. Then,  \par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Plants =  ({\b e/E) }+ p + n                    Least complete    Most active\par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Animals = ({\b e/E) }+ ({\b p/P) }+ n            Less complete      Less active\par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qc\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
  Humans = ({\b e/E) }+ ({\b p/ P) }+ ({\b n/ N)   }Most complete     Least active
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\li720{\f1\lang1033\fs24
\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
[Note: Psychons of Eccles (1990, 1994) are different. His psychons attach to a dendron
 (a \u8216\'91bunch of dendrites\u8217\'92) for \u8216\'91awareness\u8217\'92 and
 also to themselves for self-awareness]. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af2\loch\af1
\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28      Plants have only one type of Dark Matter particles
- Axion-I (or emotons) - that corresponding to electrons. Animals have an additional
 type - Axion-II (or psychons) - that corresponding to protons also. But these will
 not complete a dark matter body in plants or animals. Humans have an additional
 Axion-III (or neumatons) - that corresponding to neutrons. In humans, the presence
 of all the three types of dark matter particles, corresponding to electrons, protons
 and neutrons, yield dark matter chemistries and a complete hierarchy of dark bodies
 resulting in a stable dark body permeating (supervening) and coupled to the visible
  body, akin to SUSY chemistry (Clavelli. 2006, Clavelli et al 2005). The dark chemistry
 will have the same principles of 'octet' or 'duet' configurations, stability, force
 carrier particles, spin and Pauli Exclusion as in ordinary chemistry. Graviton, 
gravitino, monople or some other force yet unknown may provide the exchange force
 for dark matter chemistry. These selective incorporations are governed by both 
dark and light genetic factors. Robots will have no dark matter particles coupled
 to any visible particles since there is no genetic governance there. Only humans
 have the genetic information to incorporate all of them. Plants and animals have
 incomplete and relatively unstable dark matter bodies. The biophoton emission rates
 will then be proportional to 3{\super 3}: 3{\super 2} : 3{\super 1} (or 9:3:1) 
in plants to animals to humans, where the powers 3, 2, 1 refer to the 'number of
 kinds' of dark matter particles in each taxon, the base 3 refer to the 'number 
of kinds' of light matter particles common to all (electrons, protons & neutrons
). So, plants should emit 9 times more biophotons than humans which closely agrees
 with the experimental value.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      Graviton, gravitino, monople or some other force carrier particle
 may provide the exchange force. The prime drive for any physical or chemical system
 is to reach or keep energy stability. As a natural law, the duet or octet of electrons
 in the outer atomic shell of the noble (rare) gases is the most stable configurations
. Atoms with deficient shells tend to complete them by contributing or sharing of
 electrons or by both means. In humans a complete hierarchy may exist consisting
 of dark atoms, dark molecules, dark cells, dark organs and dark bodies. An Invisible
 Homo sapiens coupled to the visible through spin-spin interactions and entanglement
 may be possible!  As to whether it will have any implications on the Mind-Body 
problem is no more or less relevant than the implications of ordinary chemistry 
on the same problem. Certainly, it can add another useful dimension to tackle it
.    \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs28\kerning28
Taxonomy, Biophotons & Dark Matter Chemistry    \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Aristotle recognized two Kingdoms or taxa: Plantae - plants Animalia \endash  animals
. In 1735 Carolus Linnaeus of Sweeden added Mineralia for minerals. Ernst Haeckel
 in 1894 added a another animal kingdom, Protista. In 1956, Herbert Copeland added
 the Fungi Kingdom. Carl Woese (1977) classified Six Kingdoms: Plantae - plants (
mostly autotrophic, multicelluar eukaryotes, reproduction by spores), Animalia - 
animals (heterotrophic, multicelluar eukaryotes), Eubacteria - bacteria (single-
celled prokaryotes), Archaebacteria - prokaryotes (differ from bacteria in their
 genetic transcription and translation, more similar to eukaryotes), Protista - 
single-celled eukaryotes (lack tissues or extensive cellular differentiation) and
 Fungi - single and multi-celluar osmotrophic eukaryotes. This was based on Cladistics
/Phylogeny (evolution and molecular genetics). Woese (1990) modified this scheme
 with a Three Domain System: 1. The Archaea- prokaryotic cells  (archaebacteria)  
2. The Bacteria- prokaryotic cells (eubacteria)  3. The Eukarya-  eukaryotic cells
 (eukaryotes). The Eukarya has four kingdoms  a. Protista Kingdom (those eukaryotes
 that are neither animals, plants, nor fungi).  b. Fungi Kingdom c. Plantae Kingdom
 d. Animalia Kingdom. Woese took into consideration the differences in the sequences
 of nucleotides in the cell's ribosomal RNAs (rRNA), as well as the cell's membrane
 lipid structure and its sensitivity to antibiotics. The rRNA molecules are very
 stable and carry out the same function throughout the bio-realm. Therefore, similarities
 and dissimilarities in rRNA nucleotide sequence are supposed to show how related
 or unrelated different cells and organisms are. This system speculates spontaneous
 generation of sentience from dead matter into a common ancestor cell which gave
 rise to three different cell types leading to the Three Domains. Quantum mechanics
 of ordinary matter alone does not fully explain the fact that the taxonomic forms
 themselves are too diverse to reconcile with the close structural homologies and
 the molecular similarities of about 1.7 million species of living organisms. \par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Morphogenetic field in a general sense refers to the collective interactions
 of a given group of cells to form a specific organ. In developmental biology, morphogenetic
 field refers to regions within a developing embryo that will subsequently develop
 specific structures or organs. Since different cells have nearly the same DNA mechanisms
, it is unlikely that they interpret the gene code variously to form different taxa
 or to make cell differentiation and different body forms in each taxon. Plant physiologist
 Sheldrake (1988) argued that a single cell splitting into identical copies cannot
 eventually morph differently into leaves or stems in a plant, since the DNA and
 its program remain largely identical throughout an organism. He conceptualized 
species specific morphogenetic fields with an inherent memory. These fields are 
external to the cells and form part of epigenetics that cause stable changes in 
gene expression between cell divisions, and between generations, and between taxa
 without affecting the basic DNA sequence of the cells. Thus, DNA is rather a "receiver
", not the source, of morphic information that translates instructions in the morphic
 field into physical forms. He claims that {\i Morphic resonance} enables each structure
 to imprint each form upon the field. The field then imparts the forms to subsequent
 generations. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Most biologists reject the notion of morphic fields. They attribute the morphogenic
 cellular memory to the \u8216\'91DNA package\u8217\'92 wrapped around \u8216\'91
epigenetic\u8217\'92 proteins called histones believed to have a "histone code" 
supervening DNA code (Humphries, 2007, Jiang et al 2007). "Epigenetic code" is parallel
 to the genetic code. It is meant to describe the set of epigenetic features, such
 as the histone code or DNA methylation patterns, that create different phenotypes
 in different cells and represents the total state of the cell. The "epigenome" 
is parallel to "genome," and refers to the overall epigenetic state of the organism
. Though recent{\super  }studies on histones provide some insights into possible
 molecular{\super  }basis underlying them, epigenetic regulatory mechanisms remain
 a mystery. Data on epigentics are not as clear and definite as on genetics. According
 to Costa and Shaw (2006), plants and animals use much of the same epigenetic mechanisms
, such as chromatin remodeling. Then again, Loidl ( 2004) claims that in contrast
 to the universal nature of the DNA code,  plants and animals differ in the organization
 and maintenance of epigenetic information, because the histone language and its
 decoding machinery differ among animals, plants and fungi. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Plant cells, unlike animal cells, retain totipotency to generate the entire
 plant and maintain the ability to dedifferentiate. Epigenetic mechanisms of chromatin
 organization are thought to control the cellular plasticity and reprogramming necessary
 for regeneration. Even if animals and plants have similar means to regulate chromatin
 organization, they have greatly different strategies and mechanisms to control 
developmental and cellular differentiation processes. Plants have the remarkable
 ability to regenerate an entire organism from a small piece of tissue, or even 
a single cell. Plants are immotile with life strategies totally different from those
 of most animals. Physiological responses are the only means to face stress. Most
 developmental decisions occur in plants during post-embryonic period. In animals
 development is practically complete by birth. The germ line is normally set aside
 early during embryogenesis in animals. Plants produce gametes from stem cell populations
 that were earlier used for the vegetative growth of shoots. Plants are more prone
 than animals to the induction of chromatin-based, epigenetically modified gene 
activity states that can be transmitted over many generations. Avramova (2002) states
: \u8220\'93Studies on plant heterochromatin shows that animals{\super  }and plants
 differ in their developmental mechanisms, some being unique for plants, reflecting
 built in epigenetic diversity of multicellular organisms\u8221\'94.{\super  } See
 also Prouteau and Colot (2005). A Plant has no centralized mechanism to make{\super
 }a choice to flower or not. Instead, a leaf influences the programmed{\super  }
fate of some cells in the apex. Events just happen as fait accompli {\i within} 
the plant with consequent{\super  }changes to the fate of some of its parts. Plants
 do not have a memory to store up a spatial map of its environment. In contrast, 
animals have a memory system organized to apply the experience of one organ{\super
 }to the advantage of others. A plant\u8217\'92s{\super  }growth and development
 proceed fatalistically with no such collective organismic experience or memory 
or any equivalent benefit (Richard Firn, 2004). \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Since all cells of an organism inherit identical nuclear composition, the same
 DNA sequences  as well as similar chromatin organizations, the observable genetics
 and epigenetics seem inadequate to explain developmental processes and taxonomy
. There must be basic differences in the use of genetic and epigenetic information
 between plants and animals.  Prouteau and Colot (2005) argue that epigenetics plays
 only a minor role in regulating gene expression in plants relative to mammals. 
Waterland and Jirtle (2003) maintain that human epigenetics are not well defined
 nor established as in plants and animals. Histone codes alone do not suffice. Morphogenetic
 fields are imprecise. Whatever constitute epigenetics, must be different not only
 for different organisms within a species, but also across the taxa, because the
 DNA remains largely alike and are all programmed mostly identical throughout an
 organism and across the taxa. The governing genetic and hormonal agents of life
 are very similar across the taxa, but are also in a constant flux at the molecular
 and atomic levels with frequent recycling of constituent elemental particles, while
 all sentient phenomena remain constant, and coexist invisibly and durably with 
the visible and constantly renewing physical structures. This leaves something in
 the \u8217\'92dark\u8217\'92 besides the observable genetics, chromatin dynamics
 and epigenetics, to account for developmental processes, cell differentiation and
 the vast morphogenetic diversity- possibly a biological dark matter state which
 is validated empirically, theoretically and experimentally.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Empirically, there is 1) a vegetative state common to all sentience, 2) an 
animal state common to animals and humans and 3) an anthropic state unique to humans
. Taxonomy culminates in homo sapiens, howsoever it is formulated. One may even 
grant that the bio-realm is pan-sentient at the vegetative level, pan-sapient or
 pan-conscious at the animal level including humans, but psychic only at the human
 level. 'Panpsychic' bio-realm is a misnomer, since psyche involves the unique aspects
 of human mind. A pan-conscious bio-realm is arguably within the limits of scientific
 orthodoxy. Taxonomies do not explain sentience or sapience or morphogenesis, they
 simply accept them. According to Human Genome Project{\cf2 ,} 0.1% difference in
 only about 20 genes makes the difference between humans and chimpanzees. That is
 a fast conclusion. There has to be something more substantial than that, possibly
 dark matter factors governed by the genomes across the taxa. Michel D. Lemonick
 (1994) wrote in a feature article, 'How Man Began', in TIME Magazine, March 14, 
1994, that \u8220\'93No single, essential difference separates human beings from
 other animals,\u8221\'94 which is in line with the famous quote of the late Stephen
 J. Gould that \u8216\'91{\i Homo sapiens} is but a tiny, late-arising twig on life
's enormously arborescent bush\u8217\'92. {\i Ordinary materialistic} reductionism
 taken too far to the molecular and atomic levels can say so. Structural homologies
 and molecular similarities cannot account for the mental realm of sentience. In
 fact, there is no essential difference at the particle level between dung and diamond
; both are made of identical electrons, protons and neutrons. However, at the macro
 level there is a world of difference. True, there are many things in common between
 plants, animals and humans as already referred to. Yet, as a ratiocinative sentient
 being, the sapient, ethical and moral dimensions make humans stand apart from all
 other sentience, good and evil notwithstanding. Marc Hauser (2008), professor of
 psychology, biological anthropology, and  organismic and evolutionary biology in
 Harvard's Faculty of Arts and Sciences, presented a  theory of "humaniqueness\u8216
\'91, or the uniqueness of human cognition for the first time at the annual meeting
 of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, in February 2008. According
 to him animals have \u8220\'93laser beam\u8217\'92 intelligence and humans have
 \u8217\'92floodlight\u8221\'94 cognition. Definition of human life as homo sapiens
 is blatantly confusing and incomplete if it is simply the sum total of certain 
{\i ordinary} physical properties such as size, age, form, abilities etc coupled
 to sentience. This definition denies for human life the unique dimensions of ethics
, mores, meanings and teleological dispositions. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Experimentally, biophoton emission rate is linked to an organism\u8217\'92s
 position on the taxonomy scale. {\cf3 Living systems }spontaneously emit measurable
 intensities of light, i.e. photons in the visible part of the electromagnetic spectrum
 (380-780 nm), in the range from 1 to 1,000 photons \u215\'d7 s-1 \u215\'d7 cm-2
, depending on their condition and vitality (Padma A. G et al, 2005).The more complex
 the organism, the smaller is the emission rate. Human cells emit only 10 photons
/cm2/sec at a wavelength of 200-800 nm (within the visible range). Plants and rudimentary
 animals emit 100 photons/cm{\super 2}/sec, about 10 times more than humans (Ruth
 and Popp 1976; Popp 1978). Lynne McTaggart (2003{\f0 ) }surmises these findings
 to speculate on the numinous underpinnings of human life. Apparently, these extremely
 low frequency (ELF) photons result from some form of very week interactions ({\cf3
Popp, F. A. et al. 1979, 1988; 1992, Van Wijk, R. et al. 1992, 2001).} The biophoton
 emission rates of sick and  dying cells are reported to be significantly higher
 than in normal cells, with large bursts at the moment of death (Jungdae Kim, 2005
). This indicates degrees of dissociation of some type of unidentified bonds.   
{\cf3\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Theoretically, there is a basis to show that interactions of Dark Matter particles
 with the visible particles may produce photon emission (Ameen, 2003). It has been
 reported that axions interact with ordinary matter to produce photons (Sikivie, 
1983). Such interactions are possibly the source of these biophotons also. The rate
 of emission is the least in humans and most in plants, indicating a punctuated 
increase in stability of dark matter bodies leading to lesser interactions with 
the visible matter and thus lesser biophoton emission, from plants to humans . The
 punctuated stabilities will then be a causal factor for the differential rates 
of emission of biophotons across the taxa. Such disparities are unlikely, if all
 bio-realm is made only of the same three particles- electrons, protons and neutrons
. O.E. Wagner {\dbch\af2\loch\af0\hich\f0 (1988, 1989, 1995, 1996, 1999}) theorized
 that the source of these quanta of energies in plants is a universal dark matter
 component and its interactions with visible matter. Hyland & Popp (2005) at the
 International Institute of Biophysics relate biophotons with cellular \u8216\'91
coherent excitations\u8217\'92 of Fr\u246\'f6hlich.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      Three different axions parallel to electrons, protons and neutrons
 may exist in the bio-realm. The 'punctuated' differences in sentience, and the 
corresponding differences in the rates of biophoton emission point to a differential
 distribution of these axions such that humans have the most stable and complete
 dark bodies. This parallel dark human body and its parts are in resonance with 
all their counterparts of the visible body. The incompleteness of these dark bodies
 in animals and plants may account for the incompleteness of their 'conscious states
'. These selective incorporations are governed by genetic factors, such that all
 the three types of bio-axions occurs only in humans. Robots will have no dark matter
 particles coupled to any visible particles since there is no genetic governance
 there. As shown before, this allows an estimate of a proprtionality {\dbch\af2\loch
\af1\hich\f1 as 3{\super 3}: 3{\super 2} : 3{\super 1} (or 9:3:1) in plants to animals
 to humans, where the powers 3, 2, 1 refer to the 'number of kinds' of dark matter
 particles in each taxon, the base 3 refer to the 'number of kinds' of light matter
 particles common to all (electrons, protons & neutrons). Nine times more biophotons
 in plants than humans closely agree with the experimental value.  } \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     What Sheldrake theorized as morphic field are dark matter molecular fields. 
Each creature has its own dark matter field with specific morphic information. Human
 form for example cannot be "picked up" from the dark matter field of plants during
 development, since the patterns of dark matter particle distributions are different
 for humans and plants. Dark matter fields encode the "basic pattern" of each live
 object for the temporal and spatial control of gene activity during the development
 of complex organisms into their structural forms. Because all cells within an organism
 inherit the same DNA sequences, differential distribution of dark matter particles
 is part of the epigenetics on which cellular differentiation and morphogenesis 
rely strongly. These mechanisms supervene those for DNA sequences for the development
 of an organism. These codes superpose on the conventional molecular codes for inheritance
. Then, the "epigenetic code" is a combination of information from the visible and
 invisible DNA counterparts and represent the total state of the cell, including
 the histone code or DNA methylation patterns. 'Dark molecular' processes are stable
  and counterbalance the constant flux of their light counterparts.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     No part of any living system is {\i materially }invariable. Most of the particles
 in the body, including a great deal of the brain are in constant flux. Only structural
 forms stay constant. If what is termed as 'self', is a property of these ever-recycling
 particles, how is the unity and permanence of \u8216\'91self\u8217\'92 maintained
? The physical components of living cells regularly get replaced from the very basic
 atomic units upward, due to regular rearrangement, recycling, necrosis, apoptosis
 and growth.  However, each cell retain its identity all the time. Every 40 seconds
 the actin filaments in dendrites need replacing (Star et al, 2002). The NMDA receptors
 are replaced every five days (Shimizu et al, 2000). Activity level controls postsynaptic
 organization and signaling via the ubiquitin-proteasome system. The whole post-
synaptic density (PSD) - the protein packed zone that powers synaptic activity - 
is regenerated, molecule by molecule, almost by the hour (Michael Ehlers, 2003). 
Though Myelin and RNA molecules are known to last months, and DNA is fairly stable
, they all undergo recurrent repairs and systematic substitution of old constituent
 particles with new. The brain is also recycled constantly, about every other month
, synapses being the most active. Some component macro molecules disintegrate within
 minutes of their formation, as revealed by fluorescent tagging. This definitely
 is no prescription to maintain a stable identity and steady information (memories
), but systemic loss of memories or multiple personalities are not the norm. Evidently
, the mind substrate must be different from any electromagnetic field associated
 with the molecules. This ordered chaos at the atomic levels of ordinary living 
matter, raises the issue of unity, wholeness, and stability of \u8217\'92self\u8217
\'92 and demands an extraordinary intransient substrate. A new kind of physical 
matter seems lurking in the dark with vague properties. Non-EM, axion like bio-particles
 are the right candidates for that substrate. \u8216\'91Self'\u8217\'92 cannot be
 a kaleidoscopic chaos.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs28\kerning28
Dark Body Coupling to Light Body  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
The forces that affect ordinary matter are gravity, electromagnetism, and the strong
/weak nuclear forces. Any fifth force operating only on dark matter, will be at 
work without our knowledge, says Glennys Farrar (2007) of New York University. She
 and her student Rachel Rosen believe they have found evidence for just such a force
 in the Bullet cluster as reported at the American Astronomical Society meeting 
on January 8, 2007 reported on physicsworld.com,   http://physicsworld.com/cws/article
/news/29929 and Scientific American website. http://science-community.sciam.com/
blog-entry/Sciam-Observations/Dark-Matter-Dark-Energy-Dark/300004135. A correct 
explanation must await the development of a unifying theory of forces.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Interaction between dark matter atoms (axion-axion interactions) is not the
 same as that between dark atoms and light atoms. The former is chemistry, rather
 dark chemistry, and the latter is physics. If there are 'axial' factors, they will
 be reflected in angular coupling from parallel to orthogonal. How this invisible
 body is coupled or linked to the visible body is more similar to 'complexation'  
bonds than the ordinary Lewis chemical bonds. Spin-spin coupling cannot be ruled
 out, so also \u8216\'91coordination\u8217\'92 configurations as in coordination
 chemical bonds. Entanglement is another means. Once the dark matter bodies are 
formed in the humans at the atomic, molecular, cellular and somatic levels through
 dark matter chemistries, they may then couple to corresponding light matter bodies
 through forces similar to hydrogen bonds, van der Waal's forces etc. The asymmetric
 polarities of the dark molecules result through the involvement of graviton or 
gravitino or monople or some other force carrier particle that provide the exchange
 force between axion atoms. (Van der Waal\u8217\'92s forces can even create bonds
 between  inorganic glass fibers and organic polypropylene as well). If 'Complexation
' of stable dark matter cells (or compounds) to corresponding light matter cells
 (or compounds) occurs, that will be through these week bonds.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     A live cell behaves as a Prigogine system, far from thermal equilibrium . We
 now know that in such a system negative entropy can result, and order can emerge
 from disorder. Living cells produce coherent light with a laser like activity. 
This coherence serves as a control for the metabolism of the cells, regulates growth
, and fixes the reproduction rate. Further, the cells exhibit superconductive behavior
. They are highly non-linear, open, dissipative systems with characteristic dielectric
 properties. Their metabolic activity prevents them from reaching thermal equilibrium
. Fr\u246\'f6hlich (1968; 1970; 1975) posited that the protein conformation was 
determined by different factors, all integrated at quantum level through a dipole
 oscillation within each protein's hydrophobic area. Fr\u246\'f6hlich (1968) showed
 that \u8216\'91the lowest frequency mode of a longitudinal electric polarization
 field in a system with sufficient level of metabolic activity, becomes a strong
 'coherent excitation', which is stabilized by elastic deformations\u8217\'92. In
 1972, he showed an attractive interaction (stronger than that of van der Waals) 
proportional to the inverse cube of their separation, develops between two coherent
 systems of almost equal frequency. This explains the specificity of the attraction
 between enzymes and their substrates. The attractive interaction plays a key role
 in his model of electrical brain-wave activity based on self-sustaining oscillations
. According to Fr\u246\'f6hlich, structural coherence of hydrophobic dipoles in 
a common voltage gradient cause organized joint processes leading to coherent excitations
, because of structural coherence of hydrophobic dipoles in a common voltage gradient
.  However, these factors are common to all organisms and will not explain the taxonomic
 dependence of biophoton emission rates. Dark matter structures make static visible
 structures dynamic biological functionalities.  {\strike\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs28\kerning28
Para Normal Or Dark Matter Phenomena? \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\shading10000\cfpat1
\cbpat1\ri143{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Paranormal phenomena have been reported from time immemorial in all cultures
. Modern science usually pronounces on it "sentence first, verdict afterwards" as
 did the Queen to Alice in Wonderland. Both Hitler and Chamberlain were known to
 indulge in occult activities. Secular science can only consider as hallucinations
 the occult encounter of King Saul of Israel with the deceased Samuel or the  visions
 of Ezekiel or the translation of Elijah, and the Seth/Jane Roberts channeling as
 a cognitional conundrum. "Channeling" trend began with the publication of 6,800
 pages of Seth's talk in The Seth Material and {\i Seth Speaks} by Jane Roberts 
and her husband Robert Butts (1970, 1972) published by Prentice-Hall. The antediluvian
 Seth who is now a wise invisible spirit entity speaks through a human channeler
. He channeled his wisdom to Jane while she is in a trance and she dictated to Butts
. Similar claims mark the creation of the Koran and the Mormon Book. Occultism was
 main stream science during the Renaissance. Greek philosopher Anaxagoras initiated
 the idea that life on planet earth came from some other planet. The Swedish physicist
 Svante Arrhenius and the British astronomer Fred Hoyle promoted the notion that
 the spores of extraterrestrial living organisms reached earth imbedded in a meteorite
 or by radiation pressure from a star. This concept of extraterrestrial beings is
 closely linked with paranormal and UFO phenomena.The British molecular biologist
 Francis Harry Crick  and the chemist Leslie Orgel (1973) published a paper in the
 journal Icarus (International Journal of Solar System Studies) suggesting that 
the seeds of life are common in the cosmos and advanced extraterrestrial beings 
proliferate these seeds between worlds. They called this process 'Directed Panspermia
'  and argued that DNA encapsulated within small grains could be "fired in all directions
 by extra terrestrials." Crick reasoned that the "primeval soup" suggested by the
 Miller and Urey experiment is untenable since it would have produced a multitude
 of different genetic materials among the different species, but instead all life
 forms on Earth have the same basic DNA structure. In their book 'Life Itself,' 
Crick and Orgel wrote that the origin of life appears to be almost a miracle, since
 the conditions optimal for its development and survival are too numerous. Leibniz
 thought that the idea of gravitational force at distance was an occult notion. 
John Mack (1994), the late Harvard Professor of Psychiatry, presents experiences
 of people claiming to have been abducted by aliens, which do not appear to be hallucinatory
 or delusional. Charles Whitehead (2004) also defends paranormal phenomena. However
, most sociologists and psychologists view these as aberrations emerging from socio
-cultural factors. {\i In "The Paranormal and the Politics of Truth: A Sociological
 Account "} author Jeremy Northcote (2007) neither discounts the reality nor endorses
 paranormal experiences. [{\i Reviewed by U. Mohrhoff} in ANTIMATTERS 2 (2) 2008
  128- 132]. From Friedrich Kekul\u233\'e9\u8217\'92s dream of a snake biting its
 own tail that enabled the discovery of the ring structure of benzene molecule to
 the invention of XEROX, paranormal phenomena are reported to have helped in many
 scientific discoveries and inventions. The purportedly antediluvian but ever vibrant
 and conscious Seth speaks cogently on many subjects ranging from cosmology to life
 and death issues. These oracles blend into a New Age mix of Jung, Christian Science
, Yoga, Transcendental Meditation and Theosophy. Seth appears to be an individual
 who though dead yet speaks as a fully conscious, multidimensional personality migrating
 between different cognitional levels. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\shading10000\cfpat1
\cbpat1\ri143{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28      Father Jerome (2004) and Ruquist (
2003) proposed axion condensate, and Isakov (see Ruquist 2003)  used Okhatrin's (
1987, 90, 91) microlepton as the medium for 'consciousness'  This is a mathematical
 quantum theory (from transformations of the Dirac and Schroedinger equations) of
 an information-energy field of a \u8220\'93global gas of micro-leptons\u8221\'94
 with a range of particle masses between 10^-40 and 10^-30 grams. Axions predicted
 by the string theory are about 10^-5 eV or 2x10^-38 grams. [There is an unsubstantiated
 claim by Okhatrin that human thought weighs in principle 10^-52 to 10^-35 gram]. 
According to Jerome, Cooper-pair layers of positive and negative half-spin axions
 couple to the \u8220\'93corporeal\u8221\'94 brain and to an \u8220\'93incorporeal
\u8221\'94 higher self or soul made of half-spin axions on the other. The incorporeal
 layer is said by Jerome to be a living, sentient life-form. The actual coupling
 mechanisms are not chemical or electrical, but incorporeal, echoing Bohm's active
 information theory. None of these explains the coupling mechanism between an axion
 condensate and the human brain. They omit to distinguish between dark matter interactions
 with light matter and interactions between dark matter particles themselves. The
 former refer to the physics of coupling dark matter particles with light matter
 particles, and the latter leads to dark matter chemistry in humans. Dark Matter
 Chemistry is similar to SUSY chemistry and will involve concepts akin to ordinary
 chemistry such as particle configurations (Duet, Octet structures), spins, Pauli
 Exclusion and force carrier particles. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     It has been suggested that the axion condensate of dark matter is the medium
 for Bohm\u8217\'92s active information field of 'pilot waves',  because "Cosmic
 axions form global BECs that instantly react to all changes in the environment. 
Axion condensate provides the \u8216\'91dynamic landscape that particles flow through
\u8217\'92 (Ruquist 2003). It is agued that each physical particle being sufficiently
 complex will draw information from the axion condensate for guidance, enabling 
it to sense the pilot waves and change the direction of its motion which he claims
 is tantamount to a primitive form of 'free will'. Father Jerome (2004) views this
 process as essentially the same as the frictionless flow of Cooper-pair electrons
 through superconductors. The pairs seem to 'know' how to steer around the hindering
 atoms, possibly by unknown guiding forces in the BEC of the superconductor, or 
fundamental particles are proto-conscious to sense the environment and change direction
 with no loss of energy. Such linkage with paranormal phenomena at the elementary
 level is superficial if not mystical.   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      The Old Testament (OT) and The New Testament (NT) cites paranormal
 phenomena (1Samuel 28:7; 2Kings 1:2; Isaiah 8: 19; 47: 12-13; Mark 1: 24-26; Luke
 4: 33-35; Acts 8:11; 13:6; 16: 16-17; 19:14-19). The prophets intimated Northern
 Israel and Southern Judah that if they want to indulge in paranormal phenomena, 
they will be better off being transplanted to Assyria and Babylon who were then 
the masters of that craft. Both Testaments make a distinction between normal and
 paranormal realm. The NT refers to two realms separated by an unbridgeable abyss
 (Luke 16:26). The OT speaks of 'familiar spirits' who are familiar with the lives
 of people, dead and living (Leviticus 19:31; 20: 6,27; Deuteronomy 18:11; 1Samuel
 28:3, 7-9; 2Kings 21:6; 23:24; 1 Chronicles 10:13; 2Chronicles 13: 6; Isaiah 8:
19; 19:; 29:4). The s\u232\'e8ance of Saul, the first King of Israel, with the witch
 of Endore was probably the impersonation by a \u8216\'91familiar spirit\u8217\'92
. Then, according to the Bible, Jane Robert was channeled by a paranormal 'familiar
 spirit' impersonating as Seth.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\dbch\af2\loch\af1\hich
\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28 OBE, Sensed Presence & Intransience {\b0\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
The Axion Dark Matter Experiment (ADMX) by Duffy et al (2006) at Lawrence Livermore
 National Laboratory was based on the premise that axions will produce photons in
 a strong magnetic field, but it failed to detect any axion-like signals. This is
 called for, if axions are stable constituents of living matter also, in view of
 the very high degree of patient safety in strong magnetic fields used in MRI. Even
 the \u8220\'93weakest\u8221\'94 MRI machines use about 0.5-tesla which is 10,000
 times the {\i strength}{\b  }of the Earth\u8217\'92s{\b  }{\i magnetic field.} 
In contrast, pathogeny significantly increases the biophoton emission, with large
 bursts at the moment of death (Jungdae Kim, 2005). This indicates degrees of dissociation
 of unidentified bonds, most likely dark matter bonds to light matter. Out of Body
 Experiences will then depend on the degree of dissociation of the visible soma 
to the invisible. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
The works of Cook & Persinger (2001), Braithwaite (2004); Braithwaite et al (2004
) show that the{\super  }experience of a 'sensed presence' and the subjective feeling
 of inner peace may be experimentally induced through manipulation of neuronal function
 with varying low energy magnetic fields. The strength of these fields is about 
one million times less than those for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). It
 is the intricacy, not the strength, of applied fields that matters. Persinger et
 al (2002) theorize that this is due to specific magnetic fluctuations stimulating
 an unknown \u8216\'91individual dormant inner being\u8217\'92. This inner self 
can now be defined as the invisible bio-axion body, and the sensed presence becomes
 a normal phenomenon involving both dark and light matter. Persinger viewed it as
 a normal neurological event that has been prevalent historically and cross-culturally
. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af2\loch\af1\hich
\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
A non-electromagnetic bio-axion body is not subject to the laws of entropy as ordinary
 matter is. {\dbch\af2\loch\af1\hich\f1 The EM components of living cells regularly
 get replaced from the very basic atomic units upward, due to regular rearrangement
, recycling, necrosis, apoptosis and growth, some every 40 seconds (Star et al, 
2002). Only their shapes are constant. This is ordered chaos at the atomic levels
 of living matter and offers no prescription to maintain a stable identity and steady
 information (memories), but human \u8216\'91self'\u8217\'92 is not a kaleidoscopic
 chaos. There is no systemic loss of memories. Multiple personalities are not the
 norm. Each cell retains its identity all the time. Unity, wholeness, stability 
and the invisibility of \u8216\'91self\u8217\'92 require an extraordinary intransient
 substrate of negligible mass. A new kind of non-EM biophysical matter that needs
 no recycling seems lurking in the dark with intransient properties.  Axion like
 biological dark matter particles are the right candidates for that substrate.  
\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
                \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     {\dbch\af2\loch\af1\hich\f1 Cheun, Yi, Baik, Lim, Yoo, Shin, Soh (2007) report
 {\lang2057 different effects of complex magnetic fields on different taxa. That
 will be }then due to different stabilities of the dark bodies and their different
 spin-spin coupling strengths.The biophoton emission rates of sick and  dying cells
 are reported to be significantly higher than in normal cells, with large bursts
 at the moment of death (Jungdae Kim, 2005). This indicates degrees of dissociation
 of some type of unidentified {\dbch\af2\loch\af0\hich\f0 bonds. }Pathogeny causes
 dissociation of these bindings and increases biophoton emissions depending on the
 degree of dissociation. Complete decoupling at the moment of death gives the maximum
 peak of emission, leaving the dark body at a relatively negative energy state by
 the loss of E = mc{\super 2} where m is the visible body weight. [The possibility
 of ghosts roaming about is remote, since humongous energy will be needed to raise
 the dark body to any operational level. Paranormal activities such as the Seth/
Robert Reports may be 'channeling' by separate dark matter entities familiar with
 dead people and existing already at a higher energy state].{\dbch\af2\loch\af0\hich
\f0\fs22\par}}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28     For too long, ontological study of the mind-body problem was
 restricted to metaphysics and religions and kept beyond the scope of any physical
 or biological sciences. However, the taboo on linking mind studies with physical
 sciences is now being slowly lifted with the advent of the mysteries and paradoxes
 of quantum physics. There are obvious and legitimate questions which the scientific
 community has to address regarding the mind body problem: \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 1. How can mind invisibly function in the visible physical realm
, unless it is also physical? \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 2. If it is physical why should it not be structured according to
 known physical laws?                           \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
3. Will non-electromagnetic matter particles account for the invisible mind as Dark
 Matter makes  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     up for the missing mass of the universe?  Could they be the axions of the String
 Theory?  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
4. Can there be Dark Chemical Bonds and Dark Matter Chemistries involving Axion            
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    configurations (Duets, Octets) and Axion spins and an axion force corresponding
 to     their  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    counterparts in ordinary chemical bonds?\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
5. Will gravitons/gravitinos or monopoles (negative and positive in each category
) substitute for        \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    electric charges in that Dark Chemistry. Or is there any other dark force?\par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
6. Could there be three different Axions (Types I, II & III) of negligible mass, 
corresponding to\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    electron, proton and neutron (tentatively called emotons, psychons, neumatons
) respectively? \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
7. Could it be that Humans have all the three Types of Axions, Type-I, Type-II and
 Type- III, \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    such that an Axion hierarchy of atoms, molecules, cells, organs and a complete
 and \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    stable axion body exist which is coupled parallel to the visible body?  \par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
8. Is it possible that plants have only Type I Axion, and animals only Types I & 
II, such   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    that the dark axion bodies in animals and in plants are incomplete and unstable
?\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 9. Could this be the reason that plants emit the most number of 
biophotons and humans \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28     the least?\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
10. Is this an evidence that axions interact with ordinary atoms to produce coherent
 low \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
       energy photons?\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 11. Could it then be surmised that there is an invisible homo sapiens
 coupled parallel to \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28        the visible human body?\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 12. Will that provide an adequate explanation of extensively reported
 paranormal and \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28        psychic phenomena in humans?\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 13. Is it possible that Humans can influence plants and animals 
through the axion \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28        interactions?\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 14. Could this explain the vast taxonomic differences in spite of
 the close genomic \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28        similarities?                                                                                                                                                  
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      If dark matter exists, there will be dark chemistry also, just
 as SUSY chemistry is possible. Dark atoms, dark molecules, dark cells, dark organs
 and a dark body may exist parallel to their visible counterparts culminating in
 an invisible body coupled to the visible through spin interactions is possible. 
Such coupling will not be merely physical, but more related to chemical co-ordination
 complexes. These processes may be governed by human genetics, both dark and visible
, such that these are complete only in humans and incomplete and more unstable in
 plants and animals. A number of issues associated with paranormal phenomena get
 an integrated treatment when dark matter particles are included. Light and dark
 particles are by themselves lifeless matter, but genetic information and spin-spin
 coupling of cellular counterparts of the two may yield qualities alien to both. 
This corresponds to two dissimilar elements as oxygen and hydrogen combining to 
yield a new arrangement of electrons leading to a bipolar water molecule enabling
 hydrogen-hydrogen bonding and properties alien to the original elements. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      If a non-electric, non-entropic and therefore invisible and
 durable body is involved, then that will be manifest in some form at all stages
 of human development from the womb to tomb. Dark Matter Chemistry may lead to an
 invisible Homo sapiens coupled to the visible body from the moment of conception
. Decoupling by death leaves it at a negative energy state (bereft of E=mc^2 of 
body weight). It will need humongous energy to raise it to any functional level. 
This negates the question of 'disembodied spirits" or "ghosts" of the dead roaming
 about. The credible reports of  'ghosts' and 'poltergeists' may be acts of alien
 beings who are made of dark atoms and are already at a much higher energy state
. They  may impersonate dead people and communicate via the dark homo sapiens. Then
 what mystics encounter as Enotic journey may be a scientific phenomenon involving
 dark matter. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      Dark matter chemistry adds an extra dimension to ordinary material
 processes. Mysticism takes a physical meaning and explanation. The Jane Roberts
 "experience" may be a real "experiment" by these cunning entities. This is extraordinary
 materialism. On a massive scale, the channeling effect may manifest as political
 or religious mania. Rallying crowds of 'conscious minds' into a revivalist religious
 fervor have no rational explanation, without a paranormal dimension. Phenomena 
of mass-hypnosis and mass-hysteria, and trance-like fainting and related 'unconscious
' involuntary events are not behaviors of mindless zombies or androids, but of conscious
 humans under paranormal influences. In the East 'consciousness' has long been has
 very mystic connotations. Sometimes, 'consciousness' stands for the Sanskrit words
 prana, chitta, atma, pichas, aham etc., which when translated into English means
 soul, thought, spirit, ghost and self. 'Consciousness' here refers to the invisible
 and intransient self that is manifested through sentience and sapience. A non-EM
, non-entropic bio dark matter is invisible and also intransient. A dark chemistry
 based on such dark atoms can yield an intransient dark body in resonance at all
 points and all times with its visible body. Resonance is recognition. Recognition
 is awareness.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      Explanations based on dark matter are then possible for mystic
 and paranormal phenomena. They are no more mysterious happenings. Father Jerome
 (2004) writes: "Quantum Axion Particle is the only and most important quantum particle
 to be found within the realms of incorporeality. All of the external 'capabilities
' of the quantum axion particle, are exclusively due to the facts of its internal
 'attributes', it is the exclusive Unit of Consciousness within the Cosmos\u8221
\'94. Since axions have mass, howsoever negligible, incorporeality is not the right
 denotation. A physical but invisible body, not necessarily incorporeal, may exist
. An invisible Homo sapiens parallel to the visible body will give a better handle
 on sentience and sapience. Typical religious or materialistic world views by themselves
 do not present an adequate understanding of sentience in the bio-realm. Also, quantum
 physics as applied to ordinary matter alone can at best offer only incomplete interpretations
 of physical reality. The nature of discernible reality becomes much clearer if 
dark matter is also included. The transient visible body is electric and entropic
. The intransient invisible body is non-electric and non-entropic. The free floating
 universally recognized Existential Guilt and Despair which are not attributable
 to any known cause, may result from the asymmetry or misalignment of the entropic
 visible body and the non-entropic invisible body. Phenomena like 'channeling' may
 involve invisible beings made of invisible atoms who are already at a much higher
 energy levels than the decoupled invisible human bodies. They may impersonate dead
 people for authenticity and may commune with willing humans. Such beings may 'counterfeit
' reality and influence humans at individual or mass levels as in political and 
religious frenzies.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs28\kerning28
Conclusion\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Both ordinary visible matter and the extraordinary dark matter are coexisting components
 of living matter. The visible and invisible manifestations of physical phenomena
 may inherit mutual correlations as they are co-created by the visible body and 
the permeating invisible body into a concentric holistic hypostasis with direct 
causal interaction between the visible and the invisible domains. This scheme of
 {\i extraordinary} materialism corresponds better to the ubiquitous correlations
 between mental states and brain states than {\i ordinary }materialism does. The
 constant flux of particles, from growth, {\cf3 apoptosis{\b\f3\fs25 , }}recycling
 etc., in the visible body will not be a factor in a permanent non-electric axion
 substrate. Empirically there are three sentient states or levels, vegetative state
 common to all sentience, animal ate common to animals and humans, and anthropic
 state unique to humans. There are three different bio dark-matter particles as 
counterparts of electrons (in plants only), protons (in animals and humans) and 
neutrons (in humans only). Their involvement in the different taxa may be governed
 by genetic information. Dark Matter chemistry is complete and most stable in humans
; it is incomplete in animals and plants. The 'complete' dark matter chemistry in
 humans may yield a dark body (the invisible Homo sapiens) coupled to the visible
 body through spin-spin interactions. This coupling is more similar to 'complexation
' than 'chemical bonding'. The coupling of the light/dark 'bodies' is most stable
 in humans, less stable in animals and least stable in plants. The most stable couplings
 in humans produce the least interactions and the least rate of biophoton emission
 from human cells per unit area. The least stable plant cells produce the most interactions
 and the highest rate of biophoton emission. The rate of emission from animals cells
 come in between. The binding capacity of axions to the visible atoms may exponentially
 increase with each addition of the axion type, making human dark matter cells stable
 by a factor of {\b 3{\super\fs28 3} = 27 }relative to a corresponding stability
 factor of {\b 3{\super\fs28 1} = 3 }in plant cells, making biophoton emission rates
 9 times more in plants than humans. Published reports are about 10 times greater
 emission rates in plants than in animal and human cells. Dark Chemistry best fits
 the facts with all the relevant aspects of quantum theories equally applicable 
such as in \u8216\'91collapse\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91pilot wave\u8217\'92, as well
 as those of \u8216\'91neural-correlates\u8217\'92. The somatic luminous fermions
 are not all lost in the oozy meadow of insentient space-time, if they were ever
 entangled with charge-less axions. The dark matter body is not subject to entropy
 laws as ordinary matter is. However, having lost the energy of the visible body
, it will be at a very low (relatively negative) energy state. It has to be energized
 from an external source for any operational role.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs28\kerning28
References\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\shading10000\cfpat1
\cbpat1\ri143{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28 Ameen, S., (2003), The Rediscovery of 
Photons and Dark Matter, Proceedings of the SPIE \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\shading10000\cfpat1
\cbpat1\ri143{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28     conference in San Jose, California
, USA,  Jan.25 -31 \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Avramova, Z . V., (2002) Update on Heterchromatin in Animals and Plants. Similarities
 and \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Differences, Zoya V. Avramova  School of Biological Sciences, University of
 Nebraska, \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Lincoln, Nebraska 68588 Plant Physiol, May 2002, Vol. 129, pp. 40-49. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Benjamin, Philip  Mind Matter, Noetic Journal Vol 4 # 4, 351-360, 2003  [Nobelist
 Sir John \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Eccles Centennial Edition]. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      Dark Chemistry or Psychic Spin Pixel? NeuroQuantology, June
 2007, Vol. 5 # 2, 197-204. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      Dark Matter & Dark Chemistry NeuroQuantology September 2007
, Vol 5 # 3, 322-326.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      http://noeticcenter.tripod.com noeticcenter.tripod.com/blog
/ \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     KARL JASPERS FORUM TA91 (M\u252\'fcller) Commentary 5 (to R2) COMPLETE \par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     EXPERIENCE/ Dark Matter by Philip Benjamin 23 December 2006, posted 30 December
 \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     2006  http://www.kjf.ca/91-C5BEN.htm Biophotons \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1\ri143{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 Bohm, David., http://members.aol.com/Mszlazak/BOHM.html, \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Clavelli, L and I. Perevalova, hep-ph/0409194, Phys. Rev. D71, 055001  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    (2005).  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Clavelli and R.E. White III,(2005), hep-ph/0609050.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Clavelli, L., (2006), hep-th/0508207, Int. J. of Mod. Phys. E Vol 15 No.6,1-17.\par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Costa, Silvia and Peter Shaw (2006), 'Open Minded' cells: how cells can change fate
. Trends in  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
      Cell Biology {\b 17}(3):101-106.  http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tcb.2006.12.
005  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch\af1
\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch\af1
\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28 Dirac, P.A.M. (1931),  Quantised Singularities 
in the Electromagnetic Field, Science Abstract, 1931, 340. H. L. B.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Firn, Richard{\b .,  (}2004) Annals of Botany 93: 345-351, Plant Intelligence: an
 Alternative Point of \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   View http://aob.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/93/4/345.   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Francis Harry. Crick  and Leslie Orgel, (1973), Icarus (International Journal of
 Solar System \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   Studies) \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Ehlers, M.D., (2003), Activity level controls postsynaptic composition and signaling
  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   via the ubiquitin-proteasome system. Nature Neurosci. 6:231-242. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   Ehlers http://www.crossroadsinstitute.org/newsletter/june03.html \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Farrar, Glennys., (2007) & Rachel Rosen,  American Astronomical Society Meeting, 
January 8, \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    2007 reported by physicsworld.com,   http://physicsworld.com/cws/article/news
/29929 and \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Scientific American website. http://science-community.sciam.com/blog-entry/Sciam
-\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Observations/Dark-Matter-Dark-Energy-Dark/300004135.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Father Jerome (2004), http://go.to/QUFD \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Hauser, Marc. (2008), A  theory of "humaniqueness\u8216\'91, The annual meeting 
of the American \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   Association for the Advancement of Science, February, 2008. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Humphries, (2007), By Courtney Humphries In MIT Technology Review: {\kerning36 Cell
's Other Code,} \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   {\kerning36 http://www.technologyreview.com/Biotech/18775/ }Technology Review
 MIT May 24, 2007\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Hu W, Barkana R and Gruzinov (200) A. Phys. Rev. Letters; 85, 1158 astro-ph/0003365
 {\ul   }{\kerning36  } \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Hyland, Gerard., Fritz-Albert Popp,{\b  }(2005), Herbert Fr\u246\'f6hlich Centenary
 Symposium, 2005; \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    http://www.lifescientists.de/conference/Conference2005.htm).\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Jain, P. L., G. Singh, (2007),  Search for new particles decaying into electron 
pairs of mass \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    below 100  MeV/c\u178\'b2, Journal of Physics. G{\b :} Nuclear and Particle. 
Physics, 34, 129\endash 138, \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Jiang, L., Smith, J.N., Mizzen, C.A., Kelleher, N.L (2007), "Global Assessment of
 Combinatorial \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Post-translational Modification of Core Histones in Yeast Using Contemporary
  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Mass Spectrometry", J. Biol. Chem., 282, 27923-27934. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch\af1
\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 Kim, Jungdae., Chunho Choi, Jaekwan Lim, Hyeran You, Sung-Bo Sim
, Yoon-Ki Yom, Eui-Han  \par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28     Kim, Kwang-Sup Soh (2005), {\kerning36 Measurements of spontaneous
 ultraweak photon emission and  \par}}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning36     delayed luminescence from human cancer tissues, {\kerning28 Journal
 of alternative and complementary  \par}}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28      medicine 2005-Oct; vol 11 (issue 5) : pp 879-84, New York, 
N.Y.  \par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 Lee {\dbch\af4\loch\af1\hich\f1 Kimyeong (1987), Phys. Rev. {\dbch
\af5\loch\af1\hich\f1 D35 }(1987) 3286-89.  }{\kerning36 Topological mass terms 
on axion \par}}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning36     domain walls{\kerning28\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Lemonick, Michel D., TIME Magazine, March 14, 1994, 'How Man Began'. {\dbch\af4\loch
\af1\hich\f1\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Loidl, Peter (2004), Trends in Plant Science, Volume 9, Issue 2, February, Pages
 84-90]. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Lucas, Marijo (2004) Journal of Humanistic Psychology, Vol. 44, No. 1, 58-70 (2004
)  DOI:  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    10.1177/0022167803259752, \u8220\'93Existential Regret: A Crossroads of Existential
 Anxiety  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    and Existential Guilt\u8221\'94 SAGE Publications \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Mack, John., Abduction: Human Encounters with Aliens, 1994\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
McTaggart, Lynne (2003),  The Field: The Quest for the Secret Force of the Universe
,   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     www.wddty.co.uk or Soothingminds online shop. Section: Human energy fields: 
Beings of  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     light, Volume:12 Issue: 7,  http://www.soothingminds.co.uk/Articles.aspx?artid
=64  {\b  \par}}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28 Merali, Zeeya, (2007), New Scientist, Last-gasp test could reveal
 dark matter January  \par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28    NewScientist.com news service  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Michel D. Lemonick (1994), TIME Magazine. March 14, 1994\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Northcote, Jeremy (2007), In "The Paranormal and the Politics of Truth: A Sociological
 \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     Account."  [Reviewed by U. Mohrhoff in ANTIMATTERS 2 (2) 2008  128- 132].\par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Okhatrin, A. F., (1987),"Problems of Statistics and Econometric Modelling", Moscow
. . \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    http://www.geocities.com/CapeCanaveral/Campus/2289/program.htm Komsomolskaya
     \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Pravda, November 14, 1990, interview with Russian scientist. See also Aleksandrov
 and A. A.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Anselm. "A. F. Okhatrin's Microleptons", Bulletin of the USSR Academy of Sciences
 N4, pp. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    94-96, 1991.  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Padma AG, Schwerzenbach, (2005), Switzerland {\super b}Atominstitut der \u214\'d6
sterreichischen \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Universit\u228\'e4ten, Wien, Austria Forsch Komplement\u228\'e4rmed Klass Naturheilkd
 2005;12:84-89\line     (DOI: 10.1159/000083960)\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Peccei, R. D.; Quinn, H. R. (1977). "CP Conservation in the Presence of Pseudoparticles
".  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Physical Review Letters {\b 38} (25): 1440-1443. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.38.
1440. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Peccei, R. D.; Quinn, H. R. (1977). "Constraints imposed by CP conservation in the
 presence of  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   pseudoparticles". Physical Review {\b D16} (6): 1791-1797. doi:10.1103/PhysRevD
.16.1791. \par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Popp, Fritz Albert, (1979),"Photon Storage in Biological Systems," in Electromagnetic
 Bio-  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Information, Urban and Schwarzenberg, Baltimore, Md.,  pp.123-149 \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Popp, F. A. et al. (1988), Biophoton emission. A multi author review. Experientia
, 88, p.543 \endash\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    600.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Popp, F.A. Li, K.H.and Gu,Q. eds. (1992). Recent Advances in Biophoton Research, 
World \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Scientific, Singapore.\par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Prouteau and Colot (2005), Epigenetic control, development and natural genetic variation
 in \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   plants, Med Sci (Paris). 2005 Apr;21(4): 422-7. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Roberts, Jane., Robert Butts Seth Material (1970), Seth Speaks (1972),  Prentice
-Hall \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Ruquist, Richard (2003), A Dark Matter Model of Consciousness. Quantum Mind \par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
   Consciousness, Quantum Physics and the Brain March 15-19, 2003,  Tucson, Aarizona
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Sheldrake  Sheldrake (1988), The Presence of the Past (Chapter 6, page 112) \par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Shimizu, E.Y, Tang P, Rampon, C, Tsien, J. Z (2000), NMDA Receptors. Science 290
, 1170 {\strike  }\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\b\f1\lang1033\fs24
\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Sikivie, P (1983), Experimental Tests of the \u8220\'93Invisible\u8221\'94 Axions
, Physical Review Letters, Vol 51, \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     # 16, October 17, 1983\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    (1984), On the Interaction of Magnetic Monopoles with Axionic Domain Walls {
\dbch\af4\loch\af1\hich\f1 Phys.   \par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch\af1
\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28     Lett. {\dbch\af5\loch\af1\hich\f1 137B }(1984
) 353  Experimental Tests of the "Invisible" Axion, phys. rev. lett. 52, 695 -  
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    695 (1984)\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Star, E. N., Kwiatkowski, D. J. & Murthy, V. N. (2004), Rapid Turnover of Actin 
in (12), 68\endash  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    88.Dendritic Spines and its Regulation by Activity. Nature Neuroscience; 2002
: 5, 239-246.       \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Van Wijk, R. et al. (1992), Biophoton emission, stress and disease. A multi author
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     review. Experientia, 48, p. 1029-1102. 3).Van Wijk, R. (2001), Biophoton and
 Bio-     \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     communication.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Van Wijk, R. (2001), Biophoton and Bio-communication. Journal of Scientific Exploration
, Vol. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     15, No.2, pp. 183-197. Waterland and Jirtle, Mol. Cell. Biol. 23: 5293-5300
, 2003) \par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch
\af1\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Wagner, O.E.,1988. Wave behavior in plant tissue. Northwest Science 62:263-270, 
1988 \line       1989. W-Waves and Plant Communications. Northwest  Science 63:119
-128, 1989. \line       Wagner, O.E. 1991. W-Waves and A Wave Universe. Rogue River
: Wagner Physics  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
       Publishing. Chapter 5.{\strike  }\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
      1995. Waves in Dark Matter. Wagner Physics Publishing, Rogue River, OR \par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
      1996. 6(1):41-47:The Center for Frontier Science, Temple University.  Physiological
 \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
       Chemistry and Physics 28:173-196,1996. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
      1999  Waves in dark matter. Physics Essays, 12(1), 3-10, 1999\par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033
\fs24\kerning28  {\dbch\af4\loch\af1\hich\f1\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Whitehead, Charles (2004) , Everything I Believe Might Be a Delusion. Whoa! Tucson
, Ten years \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    on, and are we any nearer to a Science of Consciousness? Journal of Consciousness
 Studies 11 \par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch
\af1\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28\par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch
\af1\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28 Wilczek, F. (1987), Transposable Elements: 
Targets for Early Nutritional Effects on Epigenetic \par}

\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af4\loch
\af1\hich\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28     Gene Regulation, Phys. Rev. Lett. {\dbch
\af5\loch\af1\hich\f1 58 }(1987) 1799. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Woese, Carl R., and George E. Fox (1977) "Phylogenetic Structure of the Prokaryotic
 Domain: \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    The Primary Kingdoms." Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 74 (1977
): 5088\endash\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
     5090.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
Woese, C.R., Kandler, O. & Wheelis,  M.L. (1990), Towards a natural system of organisms
: \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    Proposal for the domains Archaea, Bacteria, and Eucarya. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci
. USA {\b 87}:   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\nooverflow\qj\sl240\slmult1{\f1\lang1033\fs24\kerning28
    4576-4579. [Jun 1990]\par}

}