{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 DejaVu Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\sa200\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af4\afs28\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs24\lang1025\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\sa200\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\*\cs8\cf0\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe255\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default Paragraph Font;}
}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc2\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-2160\li2160}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li3600}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc2\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-4320\li4320}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li5040}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li5760}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc2\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-6480\li6480}{\listname WW8Num1;}\listid1}
}{\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls0}}

{\info{\author Brent Allsop}{\creatim\yr2010\mo4\dy19\hr21\min34}{\author Brent Allsop}{\revtim\yr2010\mo4\dy20\hr1\min44}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab720
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs40\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs40\lang1033\b\loch\f3\fs40\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs40\lang1033\i0\b Representational Qualia Theory}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 There are two fundamental unanimous doctrines of the Representational Qualia Theory camp.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\b\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b Doctrines:}
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360\f3\fs22\f3\fs22\f3\fs22\lang1025\sl276\slmult1 1.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ls0\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 A red quale is not a property of something that reflects 700nm light, it is a property of our knowledge of such.  It is the final result of the perception process, not the initial cause.}
\par \pard\plain {\listtext\pard\plain \li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360\f3\fs22\f3\fs22\f3\fs22\lang1025\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab}\ilvl0 \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ls0\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi-360\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Quale are ineffable and thereby blind to cause and effect observation.  One must use 'effing' techniques to know what the ineffable is like.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Information theory mandates that if you know something, there must be something physical that is that knowledge.  If something 'seems' some way, there must be something that is that seeming, or has the property that it is like that is the knowledge of such
.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Computers represent knowledge with ones and zeros.  By design, what is doing the representation doesn't matter.  There must be some distinguishable properties that can be interpreted in different ways, and reliable correct interpretation of such properties
 is the key required step for knowledge representation to take place in such systems.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 We, on the other hand, represent conscious information with qualia.  A computer can represent something like a strawberry patch with ones and zeros.  Ones can represent the strawberries and zeroes can represent the leaves sufficiently to allow such a syste
m to pick the strawberry.  Both types of representations are perfectly capable of doing the same representation, enabling the same knowledgeable behavior such as picking the strawberry from the leaves.  The fact that the red property is subjectively distin
guishable from the green is what enables the red to be interpreted as the strawberry, and the green to be interpreted as the leaves.  In addition to both systems doing interpretation of distinguishable properties of the representations, what is doing the r
epresentations for the conscious system, and what they are introspectively like, and how they are phenomenally different is all important.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Though both phenomenal and causal properties can be interpreted as representations, they are categorically very different.  If the surface of the strawberry, in addition to having the causal property of reflecting 700nm light, was phenomenally like somethi
ng, the reflected light would not be anything like this and would require interpretation in order to represent such.  This is what makes qualia ineffable and blind to cause and effect observation that requires proper interpretation at every causally transd
ucing stage.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Since the surface of the strawberry is made of very different stuff than is inside our head, I believe it would be a bad bet to think the surface of the strawberry, if it had phenomenal properties at all, was anything like a red quale.  Similarly, if you o
pened up the brain and shined light on whatever it was that our brain was using to be our conscious knowledge of the strawberry, you wouldn't expect it to reflect 700nm light - though it would likely reflect some kind of light - possibly grey - as you watc
hed it all being causally bound together in whatever physical system it uses to enable simple conscious knowledge before we could have enough spatial knowledge to pick the strawberry from the leaves.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 This theory predicts that we will find neural correlates that reliably have the red and green that we experience.  Without the correct stuff, in the right state, red will not be possible, and with the correct correlate identified, you will be able to predi
ct with 100% reliability that the person is experiencing red.  With such reliable knowledge, you will be able to observe these same neural correlates in other's minds, and discover such things as whether or not this person has a subjectively different repr
esentations such as inverted qualia (representing the leaves with red and the strawberries with green).}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 If we are looking at a strawberry in our left field of vision, and a leaf in our right field of vision - then the theory predicts there is a neural correlate that is responsible for the red knowledge in the right hemisphere and something that has the green
 in our left.  In some way, the corpus callosum must enable the unification of both of these qualia into our unified world of conscious awareness.  We are obviously aware of both the red, and the green, at the same time in a way that enables us to interpre
t such distinguishable properties as strawberries and leaves.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 V. S. Ramachandra, in his 3 laws of qualia paper suggested connecting two brains with a 'bundle of neurons' that would do the same thing as the corpus callosum was doing to unify these phenomenal properties into the same conscious awareness.  Given this, t
he prediction is that we will be able to then experience firsthand, together with our own representations, what another's representation of strawberries and leaves was like, and how similar it is to our own representations of the same.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Many people seem to believe that memories, associations, and many other related cognitive stuff is important to the subjective nature of qualia.  But I'm in the camp that believes, at least for color qualia like red and green, this is all secondary, and re
quires additional stuff to achieve.  I bet it will soon be possible to have a system that is trivially phenomenally only representing information with red and green, with no significant higher order reflective abilities, no historical memory or relationshi
ps of such to anything like sweetness or warmth, and so on.  In other words, it wouldn't be much more than a camera.  Whereas the representations a traditional camera was using wouldn't matter, what the representations this phenomenal camera was using, and
 what they were phenomenally like, would be important to the system's ability to reliably distinguish between the two and any interpretation of such.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 This theory has been collaboratively developed, concisely stated, named and continues to be defended by a group of people participating in the consciousness survey project at canonizer.com over the last several years.  There are too many people to list her
e, however what everyone contributed is clearly documented, and who joined what camp when, can be definitively seen at canonizer.com by using the history mechanisms such as the 'as of' operation on the side bar.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 There is obviously still quite a bit of difference of opinion on just what qualia are within this camp, but there is unanimous agreement on the two key doctrines that a red qualia is a property of our knowledge, and that such will soon be effable.  And the
re is so far no other theory even close to this Representational Qualia Theory in the amount of consensus it has generated.  Of course, at this still far from comprehensive state it can be argued that this is simply because there are to date only 23 partic
ipators in this particular survey topic.  But we believe it is much more than this and that no other theory will ever get close to the amount of consensus this theory has.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 We believe that we are in the midst of a scientific revolution, similar to the last time it was still popular to believe in a geocentric solar system.  The general population today (I believe, including many great nuts and bolts neuroscientists and funders
 of scientific research) believe that a red qualia is a property of the strawberry, or worse, that qualia are nothing at all, not important, or not sharable.  But we believe there is already a clear scientific consensus that realizes qualia are all importa
nt and at the other end of the cause and effect based perception process.  The only thing that remains is for someone to rigorously measure for such scientific consensus, so the rest of the world will finally realize what the experts already know, to provi
de enough motivation to achieve an understanding of such for themselves.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 As far as what qualia are, the so far most popular consensus camp is based on what Chalmers argued for in his <dancing qualia> paper.  This is that "qualia arise from any functionally equivalent organization."  However, I am in a different camp - the 'prop
erty dualism' camp.  Of course since this is my camp, the above is written from this perspective.  Unlike the above, the online statement defining the Representational Qualia Theory at canonizer.com has been carefully worded in a "what are qualia?" blind w
ay to maintain the unanimous agreement of all in the camp.  What everyone believes the best theories about qualia are is concisely and quantitatively represented in the camp sub structure.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 Though Chalmers claims to be a 'property dualist', his phenomenal properties are so far disconnected from anything physical it makes them seem to me like something neither worldly.  It is of my opinion that he does not deserve to be considered a property d
ualist.  According to the 'arises from anything' theory he argues for, anything can in some more than 'hard' way connect up to the same phenomenal property, from a set of water pipes, to a set of silicone transistors, as long as it simply 'behaves equivale
ntly'.  The supporters of the 'property dualism' camp, on the other hand, believe there is simply something in the brain that, in addition to having the traditional causal properties that science can see - has the subjective ineffable properties that we ex
perience in a unified way.  We believe that things in nature simply reliably have ineffable properties in addition to their equally reliable causal properties.  Without that material stuff, in the proper state, you can't have the phenomenal properties.  On
ce we fully understand and can share or eff them together I bet they will turn out to be tightly integrated in some way.  They will both be properties of the same stuff, and to think that you could have non causal epiphenomenal properties just shows one's 
lack of understanding of how this phenomenal stuff is used to represents our conscious knowledge in a way that enables us to know where the strawberry is amongst the green leaves so we can pick them.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 The members of the 'arises from anything' camp think they are compelled to accept this more than hard idea because of the neural substitution argument.  We believe this to be an obvious fallacy, the development and defense of this argument is continuing in
 the <fallacy> camp at canonizer.com.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033\i0\b0 <name> argued in his plenary speech at TSC 2010, that we should work to unify the many theories of consciousness, and this is the same goal we have with the consciousness survey project at canonizer.com.  We want to have concise descriptions of the best th
eories of consciousness, using definitive terminology agreed on by the consensus, and quantitative measures of how much consensus there is for each.  So of course everyone is encouraged to indicate what they do and do not agree with in the above, and why, 
so we can find out how many experts agree with you at canonizer.com going forward as ever more scientific data, arguments, and debating methods continue to be developed.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\sl276\slmult1{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa200\ql\rtlch\af3\afs22\lang1025\ltrch\dbch\af3\langfe255\hich\f3\fs22\lang1033\loch\f3\fs22\lang1033 
\par }